			       Confusa
			Copyright (C) 2007,2008
			   UNINETT Sigma A/S


   Confusa shall provide an easy way of creating an ARC-compatible
   identity token from an existing (federated) identity. 

   It shall do so, by providing a secure login environment for the user,
   scripts for creating the required cryptographic keys and means for
   uploading certificate signing requests (CSRs) in an easy and secure 
   manner. Furthermore; the system shall automate the process of signing
   valid CSR and returning these to the user.

   This software is provided 'as is', and the developers are, under no
   cirumstances, responsible for any loss or corruption of data or
   hardware you may encouter. It is, however, presented in the most
   stable manner possible at this stage, and we work very hard to ensure
   that only stable releases reach the public domain.
   Please report any bugs to the developers (henrik@austad.us)


The automated signing-process can be split into 2 separate ways

1) After the CSR has been created and uploaded, the script will present
   the user with an authentication URL. By following this URL, the user
   will be authenticated and the signing will be authorized.

2) After the CSR has been created and uploaded, the user can log in to
   the system and go to the 'Key' page. Here he/she will be presented
   with a summary of all uploaded CSRs for this user. By inspecting
   these, the user may approve signing (which will lead to a somewhat
   cumbersome challenge-response cycle) or delete the CSR from the database.

3) As an option, the user may create the key and CSR manually and then
   choose to upload the CSR via the web interface. 

   Note: the system *will* check all attributes in the subject of the
   CSR and drop the CSR if any of these attributes does not correspond
   with attributes obtained from the federated identity.

   Current attributes that are checked:
   - key lenght. Keys shorter than key_length in
     config/confusa_config.php will be discarded and the user notified.
   - Subject in key. CommonName *must* correspond to
     eduPersonPrincipalName. 


The file INSTALL contains instructions to how to install and configure
the system. Note that Confusa depends upon simpleSAMLphp. This file
also contains the software requirements Confusa pose on the system

FEATURES contains the current implemented features, features in progress
and planned/wanted features in future releases.

For a summary of the status of the system (last update, what is
currently under way), see STATUS.

Finally, LICENSE state the license under which Confusa is
released. Read this before you start using the system, in case it
invokes any restrictions upon you as a user or organization.
